New Job Declarator Client (#1843)
stratum-mining/stratum: roles/jd-client/README.md

# Job Declarator Client

The **Job Declarator Client (JDC)** is responsible for:

* Connecting to the **Pool** and **JD Server**.
* Connecting to the **Template Provider**.

> * Receiving custom block templates from the Template Provider and declaring them to the pool via the **Job Declaration Protocol** and **Mining Protocol**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Receiving custom block templates from the Template Provider and declaring them to the pool via the **Job Declaration Protocol**.
* Sending jobs to downstream clients.
* Forwarding shares to the pool.
```

## Architecture Overview

The JDC sits between **SV2 downstream clients** (e.g., SV2 mining devices or Translator Proxies) and **SV2 upstream servers** (the Pool and JD Server).

* It obtains templates from the Bitcoin node.
* It creates and broadcasts jobs to downstream clients.
* It declares and sets custom jobs to the pool side.
* It also supports solo mining mode in case no upstream is available or the upstream is fraudulent

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note: while JDC can cater for multiple downstream clients, with either one or multiple channels per client, it only opens one single extended channel with the upstream Pool server.
```
